13\. Roman numerals are represented by seven different symbols: I, V, X, L, C, D and M.

Symbol       Value

I             1

V             5

X             10

L             50

C             100

D             500

M             1000

For example, 2 is written as II in Roman numeral, just two ones added together. 12 is written as XII, which is simply X + II. The number 27 is written as XXVII, which is XX + V + II.

Roman numerals are usually written largest to smallest from left to right. However, the numeral for four is not IIII. Instead, the number four is written as IV. Because the one is before the five we subtract it making four. The same principle applies to the number nine, which is written as IX. There are six instances where subtraction is used:

I can be placed before V (5) and X (10) to make 4 and 9.

X can be placed before L (50) and C (100) to make 40 and 90.

C can be placed before D (500) and M (1000) to make 400 and 900.

Given a roman numeral, convert it to an integer.

14\. Write a function to find the longest common prefix string amongst an array of strings.

If there is no common prefix, return an empty string "".

20\. Given a string s containing just the characters '(', ')', '{', '}', '[' and ']', determine if the input string is valid.

An input string is valid if:

Open brackets must be closed by the same type of brackets.

Open brackets must be closed in the correct order.

Every close bracket has a corresponding open bracket of the same type.

58\.Given a string s consisting of words and spaces, return the length of the last word in the string.

A word is a maximal

substring

consisting of non-space characters only.

67\. Given two binary strings a and b, return their sum as a binary string.

69\. Given a non-negative integer x, return the square root of x rounded down to the nearest integer. The returned integer should be non-negative as well.

You must not use any built-in exponent function or operator.

For example, do not use pow(x, 0.5) in c++ or x \*\* 0.5 in python.

70\. You are climbing a staircase. It takes n steps to reach the top.

Each time you can either climb 1 or 2 steps. In how many distinct ways can you climb to the top?

83\. Given the head of a sorted linked list, delete all duplicates such that each element appears only once. Return the linked list sorted as well.

88\. You are given two integer arrays nums1 and nums2, sorted in non-decreasing order, and two integers m and n, representing the number of elements in nums1 and nums2 respectively.

Merge nums1 and nums2 into a single array sorted in non-decreasing order.

The final sorted array should not be returned by the function, but instead be stored inside the array nums1. To accommodate this, nums1 has a length of m + n, where the first m elements denote the elements that should be merged, and the last n elements are set to 0 and should be ignored. nums2 has a length of n.

94\. Given the root of a binary tree, return the inorder traversal of its nodes' values.

100\. Given the roots of two binary trees p and q, write a function to check if they are the same or not.

Two binary trees are considered the same if they are structurally identical, and the nodes have the same value.

169\. Given an array nums of size n, return the majority element.

The majority element is the element that appears more than ⌊n / 2⌋ times. You may assume that the majority element always exists in the array.

4\. Given two sorted arrays nums1 and nums2 of size m and n respectively, return the median of the two sorted arrays.

The overall run time complexity should be O(log (m+n)).

10\. Given an input string s and a pattern p, implement regular expression matching with support for '.' and '\*' where:

'.' Matches any single character.​​​​

'\*' Matches zero or more of the preceding element.

The matching should cover the entire input string (not partial).

23\. You are given an array of k linked-lists lists, each linked-list is sorted in ascending order.

Merge all the linked-lists into one sorted linked-list and return it.

32\. Given a string containing just the characters '(' and ')', return the length of the longest valid (well-formed) parentheses

substring

37\. Write a program to solve a Sudoku puzzle by filling the empty cells.

A sudoku solution must satisfy all of the following rules:

Each of the digits 1-9 must occur exactly once in each row.

Each of the digits 1-9 must occur exactly once in each column.

Each of the digits 1-9 must occur exactly once in each of the 9 3x3 sub-boxes of the grid.

The '.' character indicates empty cells.

72\. Given two strings word1 and word2, return the minimum number of operations required to convert word1 to word2.

You have the following three operations permitted on a word:

Insert a character

Delete a character

Replace a character

76\. Given two strings s and t of lengths m and n respectively, return the minimum window

substring

of s such that every character in t (including duplicates) is included in the window. If there is no such substring, return the empty string "".

The testcases will be generated such that the answer is unique.

84\. Given an array of integers heights representing the histogram's bar height where the width of each bar is 1, return the area of the largest rectangle in the histogram.

732\. Given an array of integers heights representing the histogram's bar height where the width of each bar is 1, return the area of the largest rectangle in the histogram.

1028\. We run a preorder depth-first search (DFS) on the root of a binary tree.

At each node in this traversal, we output D dashes (where D is the depth of this node), then we output the value of this node.  If the depth of a node is D, the depth of its immediate child is D + 1.  The depth of the root node is 0.

If a node has only one child, that child is guaranteed to be the left child.

Given the output traversal of this traversal, recover the tree and return its root.

1284\. Given a m x n binary matrix mat. In one step, you can choose one cell and flip it and all the four neighbors of it if they exist (Flip is changing 1 to 0 and 0 to 1). A pair of cells are called neighbors if they share one edge.

Return the minimum number of steps required to convert mat to a zero matrix or -1 if you cannot.

A binary matrix is a matrix with all cells equal to 0 or 1 only.

A zero matrix is a matrix with all cells equal to 0.

1402\. A chef has collected data on the satisfaction level of his n dishes. Chef can cook any dish in 1 unit of time.

Like-time coefficient of a dish is defined as the time taken to cook that dish including previous dishes multiplied by its satisfaction level i.e. time[i] \* satisfaction[i].

Return the maximum sum of like-time coefficient that the chef can obtain after dishes preparation.

Dishes can be prepared in any order and the chef can discard some dishes to get this maximum value.

1463\. You are given a rows x cols matrix grid representing a field of cherries where grid[i][j] represents the number of cherries that you can collect from the (i, j) cell.

You have two robots that can collect cherries for you:

Robot #1 is located at the top-left corner (0, 0), and

Robot #2 is located at the top-right corner (0, cols - 1).

Return the maximum number of cherries collection using both robots by following the rules below:

From a cell (i, j), robots can move to cell (i + 1, j - 1), (i + 1, j), or (i + 1, j + 1).

When any robot passes through a cell, It picks up all cherries, and the cell becomes an empty cell.

When both robots stay in the same cell, only one takes the cherries.

Both robots cannot move outside of the grid at any moment.

Both robots should reach the bottom row in grid.

2\. You are given two non-empty linked lists representing two non-negative integers. The digits are stored in reverse order, and each of their nodes contains a single digit. Add the two numbers and return the sum as a linked list.

You may assume the two numbers do not contain any leading zero, except the number 0 itself.

3\. Given a string s, find the length of the longest

substring

without repeating characters.

5\. Given a string s, return the longest

palindromic

substring

in s.

6\. The string "PAYPALISHIRING" is written in a zigzag pattern on a given number of rows like this: (you may want to display this pattern in a fixed font for better legibility)

P   A   H   N

A P L S I I G

Y   I   R

And then read line by line: "PAHNAPLSIIGYIR"

Write the code that will take a string and make this conversion given a number of rows:

string convert(string s, int numRows);

7\. Given a signed 32-bit integer x, return x with its digits reversed. If reversing x causes the value to go outside the signed 32-bit integer range [-231, 231 - 1], then return 0.

Assume the environment does not allow you to store 64-bit integers (signed or unsigned).

12\. Roman numerals are represented by seven different symbols: I, V, X, L, C, D and M.

Symbol       Value

I             1

V             5

X             10

L             50

C             100

D             500

M             1000

For example, 2 is written as II in Roman numeral, just two one's added together. 12 is written as XII, which is simply X + II. The number 27 is written as XXVII, which is XX + V + II.

Roman numerals are usually written largest to smallest from left to right. However, the numeral for four is not IIII. Instead, the number four is written as IV. Because the one is before the five we subtract it making four. The same principle applies to the number nine, which is written as IX. There are six instances where subtraction is used:

I can be placed before V (5) and X (10) to make 4 and 9.

X can be placed before L (50) and C (100) to make 40 and 90.

C can be placed before D (500) and M (1000) to make 400 and 900.

Given an integer, convert it to a roman numeral.

17\. Given a string containing digits from 2-9 inclusive, return all possible letter combinations that the number could represent. Return the answer in any order.

A mapping of digits to letters (just like on the telephone buttons) is given below. Note that 1 does not map to any letters.

18\. Given an array nums of n integers, return an array of all the unique quadruplets [nums[a], nums[b], nums[c], nums[d]] such that:

0 <= a, b, c, d < n

a, b, c, and d are distinct.

nums[a] + nums[b] + nums[c] + nums[d] == target

You may return the answer in any order.

19\. Given the head of a linked list, remove the nth node from the end of the list and return its head.

22\. Given n pairs of parentheses, write a function to generate all combinations of well-formed parentheses.

43\. Given two non-negative integers num1 and num2 represented as strings, return the product of num1 and num2, also represented as a string.

Note: You must not use any built-in BigInteger library or convert the inputs to integer directly.

79\. Given an m x n grid of characters board and a string word, return true if word exists in the grid.

The word can be constructed from letters of sequentially adjacent cells, where adjacent cells are horizontally or vertically neighboring. The same letter cell may not be used more than once.

